[Feature] Shadows with Hamming matrix (#50)
pasqal-io/qadence-protocols: docs/measurements/index.md

```python exec="on" source="material-block" session="measurements" result="json"
# Classical shadows are defined up to some accuracy and confidence.
from qadence_protocols.measurements.utils_shadow.data_acquisition import number_of_samples

> shadow_options = {"accuracy": 0.1, "confidence": 0.1, "n_shots": 1}

Reviewer: Is it necessary to specify the number of shots here ?

Reviewer: Yeah basically is it an option that you have to pass here or a full-fledged argument to the `measure` function ?

Author: I think here because n_shots can be used to validate the data passed to a protocol.

Reviewer: hm, not too sure about it.

print(f"Estimated expectation value shadow = {estimated_values_shadow}") # markdown-exec: hide
```

Note that the optional `n_shots` is by default 1, which means for one unitary, we sample only once. If we specify a higher

> value, more shots are realized per sampled unitary, and a different formula is used involving the Hamming distance denoted $D$ (see Eq. 2.42 of Ref[^3]):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the optional `n_shots` is by default 1, which means for one unitary, we sample only once. If we specify a higher
number of shots, more samples are realized per unitary accordingly, and a different formula is used involving the Hamming distance denoted $D$ (see Eq. 2.42 of Ref[^3]):
```
